Your emotions are just tied to whatever metrics that you are trying to pull like there's a chart and my like mental stages correlates a hundred percent exactly to you that it's like the doing crew.
I'm not like just a chart of our like downloads like that's a thing that we.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It's literally like a metric.
No, no, no, no, like just literally that that's like a chart of my emotions like if you want to do it just go check your MPM downloads.
How's it going?
What's up?
You went right into the recording.
I was about to say how much I missed you.
I was good to finally get to talk to you and you're like shut up shut the hell up.
Pause.
Let me give you everything.
I'm going to record.
So here's the thing we used to like do like an intro and then start recording but then some of the best stuff was always just in the warm up.
So now I just record right away like I don't give a shit.
Nice.
How are you doing?
Things have been.
Dude, things have been pretty rough.
I'm not even going to lie.
Really?
Tell me more.
Yeah.
I know I know it's good to you get people like this everything's so great.
But man, like I've been I've been in it right now.
It's definitely been difficult for me.
Yeah.
What's going on?
I've covered right now.
Really?
That's been tough.
Yeah.
Bad cough.
It's hard to like talk for a long time because I have to take a deep breath and my cardio is pretty good.
Look, I don't smoke.
Don't do anything bad.
Train a lot.
So it's hard.
It's like weird when I'm like out of breath.
So.
Yeah.
That's been pretty, you know, rough work has been like extremely like my work.
My team is shifting to really make me like a senior senior and like the point of contact technically and that's just been a lot of response.
A lot of responsibility, like a significant step.
It's been like typically, you know, ideally want to be like gradual.
I can't have here and there while you have like an like a real senior or like the former tech lead to kind of still look over stuff.
But they've like really flipped the switch where it's like now no one's going to look over your stuff.
You are responsible.
And that's been a hard transition.
And then obviously with like content and side projects, you know, when that's not in, you know, the best spot.
Obviously it's at you a little more so.
Damn, dude.
That's a lot.
I didn't even know people were still getting COVID.
Is that still a thing?
Dude, I never, I had COVID once and it lasted like three days.
It wasn't bad.
Like I didn't think I had COVID, but I just came down with a cold.
I took a COVID test because those were like, you know, you can get them easily and I got tapped in that pot for positive.
Okay.
Three days.
I'm good.
This time it's been lasted for over a week and it's been.
Yeah.
Terrible.
It's been bad, man.
I was bedridden once for a couple of hours.
Um, but yeah, like it's like some days I feel great.
Like this morning it's a little phenomenal.
Sometimes I cough and then sometimes during the evening, I just get hit with the wave of like achiness, weakness.
I'm just like, I can't do anything.
I hate that too.
Cause then it just, you're saying you train a lot.
Like it just messes up your routine too.
Then when you go back, you're like off and you got to like work back up again.
Yeah.
And the other factors, even when I feel great, I don't want to put everyone else at risk of COVID.
Right.
So I'm not going.
Like even though I think I can train right now, like at this moment, I'm not going to because I can still probably spread COVID.
So I have to be locked down.
And that's like no training, no weightlifting, no sauna.
And like that is just killer.
Just so bad.
Yeah.
And I realize like how brittle my life is because I'll think I'm in like a really good routine, like I wake up at a certain time.
I have my responsibilities.
I do them.
I get a lot of work done.
I go to the gym.
I do it all.
And then one little thing will change.
Like yeah, like I'll get sick.
Right now, like Liz has been gone.
So she just went to visit her friend in DC.
It's only been two days.
And literally this morning, I fucking flooded my kitchen.
Like just everything is going wrong.
There's one little change and I'm just like off my routine.
I slept at like 3 a.m. yesterday.
I slept four hours yesterday.
Yeah, like those little things just knock you entirely out of a good pattern.
Dude routine is so key.
Like so key, especially for like certain types of people.
Like I feel like the primogen, he's very routine based, right?
Like extremely like his time is like allocated to like the smallest second, right?
And I'm not to that extreme, but I need my routine.
Like I need to like, you know, wake up at this time, walk on you do and then, you know, do all my stuff.
And like whatever throws me off that I'm just like not in it.
Like it like snowballs, you know, because then you don't do one thing in time.
And then it bleeds over to the next item and you're like, this sucks.
Yeah, it's funny because when I was younger, I had no routine at all.
And I was like, oh, I'm really productive.
Like look how much work I'm getting done, look at me hours and putting into it.
Something happened.
I kind of switched to be like, okay, let me like actually like try to wake up consistently.
Let me go to bed consistently.
Like I've like slotted time for different things.
And I was like, damn, holy shit.
Like I'm getting the same amount of work done in like half the time.
Because when you just have a consistent day every day, it just adds up every single time.
So it's hard to know that because when you're not doing it, it feels like, yeah, this is fine.
But when you're when you actually have that habit of having a routine, you realize the difference.
Yeah, definitely.
So yeah, that's been like my update a little bit.
You know, quick one.
I've been asking you for a ton of CDK help on the side there behind the scenes.
Getting real, real deep in the city.
It's easy to get more so than ever.
But yeah, how's how's life with you, man?
Yeah, it's funny you were saying when people ask how are things everyone's always like,
it's great.
I always think about this with founders.
Like whenever you ask a founder, like, oh, how's it going with your company?
They're like, it's going great, man.
Like we're signing deals, like, you know, whatever.
And I know fucking it's not it's not going great.
I know you might feel good one day and next day you feel like there needs a disaster.
But every founder is like, we're doing really well.
And then like a week later, their company shuts down.
Oh my God.
But yeah, I've been in like a period of just intense work, I think, and it's been lasting
a while.
And it's probably going to continue to last until the end of this year.
Like basically with SSD, we are we shifted into a phase of like, okay, let's get to a break
even point where we're making enough money to cover how much we're spending.
Okay.
And that's like a key phase of the business.
Because you know, that's like the shift from being like, oh, yeah, we're just like a startup
fucking around to see if we can do something to then knowing, oh, yeah, like we can work
on this for the next 10 years if we want to.
So like, I'm like really eager to get to that milestone.
We have like, let's say like 12 to 12 months or so to figure it out.
And we'll see like that there's it's not clear.
Like I feel like 50 50 shot will do it or we won't.
There's like a million fall back things that we can we can go to, but yeah, right now it's
like we're so focused on the metrics and the numbers and yeah, it's like, it's like very
clear.
But that just for me, when I'm in this mode, I just like can't enjoy other things.
I'm like, this is just what my life is about right now.
I'm like not really going to, I'm going to kind of deprioritize some of the other stuff,
even like just the fun stuff because I feel like if I don't have certain things figured
out, I just like can't enjoy like much else, but I also can't stay in this mode for for
that long.
So we'll see.
Dude, I have two things I want to talk about and each of them can go into separate paths.
One of the topics is like startups and what you said, but how we make one, especially
a company like SST, which I want to get into after.
My first like question or like thing I want to bring up is I saw a recent podcast, I was
just scrolling through like social media, starting to know what podcast this is, right?
Just some people didn't know and this guy was like, you know, a person's always struggling
between three things.
And one of them is supplying for your family in terms of like, you know, you're going to
make sure that your family is taking care of, you're making enough money, they have a house
or they're, you know, all that stuff, right, the essentials.
The second one is being the best version of yourself for your family.
So that's what like yourself improve where you go to the gym, your reading, your building,
all that stuff, right?
And the third one that everyone's always torn between these three is actually spending quality
time with your family that you're doing all these things for.
And it's so hard to find that balance and like, I don't know how that's even done at
this point.
And like, I have a really small, like my direct family is obviously like my partner and my
dog, right?
But it's like, I'm trying to be the best for them.
I'm trying to give them like everything they want.
So like money is never an issue or whatever.
But then it's like to do the, to really like excel those two fields, you're going to have
to take away from like spending quality time with them.
Yeah.
And at the end of the day, the thing that really matters, if we strip away everything
and you're like, we're super old, 80 years old, right, we're going to be like wishing
we spent more quality time with these, with these folks, right?
So that's something that's so hard.
Like I'm so torn between those and trying to find the balance is like radical.
Yeah.
It's really hard.
And I think, I think for me, it's a little bit different because there's a little bit
more harmony between those three things for me, because me and my wife worked together
on like our business together.
So we really enjoy doing that together when we're out, we can more taking walks.
That's kind of we can talk about that.
It counts as both quality time and work.
There's a little bit of harmony there, but yeah, I think overall, there's just for me,
the conflict is really like maximizing my income today, which would mean I would have
like a really great like work life balance.
I wouldn't be working too much.
I'd be making a good amount of money.
We'd be able to like move our family forward with the things that we want to do.
I would kind of be like, that's like always there.
It's like a temptation, but there's like a ceiling to that.
Like I know in terms of what like me and Liz want for our future.
If I just did that and that's all I did today, like we don't really get the life that we want
one day.
So there is this trade off of like, yeah, we need to kind of try to set ourselves up
for the next 10, 20 years of real life, but it's painful now.
And then simultaneously, you can't just wait forever.
Like nothing's guaranteed.
So if we like, you know, we want to have kids soon, we can't just wait for like our businesses
to be in order, which might take 10 years before we have kids.
So you just kind of like do everything at the same time.
It's not really ideal.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's a, it's really hard.
It is.
It really is, man.
That's why like the older, I think the older I got on the more opinion to like the content
space and like really looking up to people, like prime engine, I think is like one of
the best examples and trash as well, actually, cause and teach too, like there's so many
people I'm going to miss, right?
So I don't want to like list every single person, but yeah, like these, these individuals
have like, you know, families, they have full time jobs and, you know, especially prime,
like his content output is at the same caliber, if not more than a person doing this full
time.
Yeah.
He's streaming multiple times a day.
He's uploading multiple times to his second YouTube channel while working on like a more
political and his main channel and doing extra stuff, which would be like front end masters
and all that stuff.
And it's just mind blowing that he's able to fit everything in his day and balance it.
And it's like really admirable.
Yeah.
And that's the thing I look up to prime the most.
Like people always say like when they come up to me and talk to prime, right?
Cause I think prime is so massive that he can dedicate like one to one time, but a channel
like me, you come in, you pop and you ask a question, I can actually dedicate more questions
for you, right?
And they're like, oh, like prime is such a good developer, such a good programmer.
And like to me, I don't think of prime is like this excellent programmer developer.
He's good.
He's really knowledgeable.
But to me, what makes prime stand out and what people should be asking is like, how is
he so good at managing his time?
Yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
That's key.
I think like for me, it's always been about building leverage.
So if I spend an hour today versus an hour I spent 10 years, 10 years ago, like what,
what is the output?
Yeah.
I just tried to choose things that would kind of build my leverage in that way.
And oftentimes it's not the thing that seems like it makes sense in the short term, right?
In the short term, you like try to be like, okay, where can I make the most money or like,
what's the best job that I can get?
But oftentimes the things that build leverage are things that like don't seem to make sense
in the moment, but they kind of compound over time.
Yeah.
And you don't want to have this like very linear career or life where you're just kind
of linearly improving what you can do.
You want to, you know, like 10 years from now, you should be outputting like 100 X, like
what, what you could do before, you know, exaggeration, but like it's kind of how I think
about it.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
So then the second thing, the more like, I think less philosophical, more like actual
business implemented question I had.
So obviously, you know, when bun came out, I was, that would, you know, huge, like ripple
in the tech sphere.
Everyone was talking about bond.
I actually got approached by investors and like, Hey, can we like ask some question
about bun?
And I'm like, what the hell?
Why?
And it's because I made a tweet about bun that went like pseudo viral, like it had like 2000
likes.
Yeah.
There's a picture of TJ.
And you know, these investors are like, yeah, we want to talk to you about bond and I'm like,
are you sure?
I'm not the right person to be talking about bond.
And they're like, yeah, yeah.
Like let's talk.
Okay.
So we hop on this call.
I thought the call was going to be like, Oh, look, what do you think of bond?
You know, do you think it's a good tool, et cetera, et cetera?
Which the questions were that, but then the question spawn where it's like, how do you
think bun can make money?
I'm saying bun and I'm just like, what the, like, I can't answer this.
Are you kidding me?
I have no idea how bun came make money.
I have no clue and they're like, do you think they should compete against Verssell?
And I'm like, this is not, I'm not your guy, like I'm not the guy to be asking these questions
at all.
But the reason why I bring this up is like an interesting point because, you know, investors
and bun, the only reason why they want to invest majority of the time is because they
want to make their money back, right?
Any investment you want to, you want to see the money come back X fold, right?
So like in a company like SSD or any open source company, like how, how do you make money?
How does a company like SST where, you know, I could spin up SST and use it for free and
you guys will never even know about it only to, only because of some metrics, maybe that
will get download, but there's no subscription model.
There's no like, how do you guys make money with SST or any tool like that?
Yeah.
I mean, I love this topic because I just love thinking about like business models in general.
Every project is very different and it ranges from, you can follow a very established business
model that has like a ton of history or other things need to like be really creative and
be really inventive.
And there's like so much synergy with like the tech you're working on like needs to line
up with that.
So for SST, I think we are, I would say in the simpler range of things.
So we have like the standard do as much for free as possible.
Then for the people that are in production, there's like add on services that aren't strictly
necessary and there might even be other alternatives to that we charge for.
So right now, that's kind of saying like we're trying to think about like actually trying
to make more money.
So lots of we've been working on the last couple of months has been in that category.
So yeah, you can use a super free, you can deploy your application for free, but once
you deploy, there's like a lot of things that you need to do in production, an infinite
number of things actually.
And you can actually think about every single dev tool in the space as an option of something
we can build.
So one thing is like basic things like logs.
How do I go see what's happening issues?
How do I get alerted when there's an exception?
So typically people might do something like, okay, I'm going to go sign up for data dog,
set that up, send my logs in there.
I'm going to go sign up for sentry, stuff integration, get alerted in sentry.
And you can still do that.
And that's, that's fine.
And you'll get like a very good experience because those companies are very focused on
those things.
But for us, we basically took both of those things and said, whenever you deploy an app,
this is like already set up for you, like both of these things, you have a log experience,
you have an issues experience, there's a free tier, if you don't want it, fine, go use your
own thing.
And for some people, they like the fact that, again, it's all integrated and like, you don't
have to set anything up.
And every time we deploy all of your functions or monitor, there's like no accidental case
of you for getting to do something or setting something up right.
Source maps, all that stuff is handled for you.
So that's our approach where we like, cause that's a reflector team, right?
The three of us, we like building really good products, like really good web applications.
Like we're very motivated to build those experiences, but that's how we want to make money.
We want to make money because you pay us for a really good product.
We built that is complimentary to, uh, to the core thing.
And the reason that this works is because there's a lot of benefit in being the default.
If SST is big, our tooling is the default tooling to use with it.
There's going to be some percentage of people that don't use it.
That's fine.
But there's like a really nice, nice channel there.
And in general, when you're trying to build a business, especially a venture scale business,
you want to find something that you can become the default for.
Most companies cannot pull this off, like even us, like it's very hard to become the
default for anything.
In our case, we're trying to like be the default for AWS on the SST side and then like then
our tooling is like default for once you're in production.
So yeah, but like it varies business to business.
Like bun is very different.
I have a bunch of thoughts on bun too, but, uh, does that make sense?
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
And so that was like that, that model, like if I break it down is like a very like generic
model.
Like you get, enjoy everything for free.
Everything's great.
Everybody's got to be able to do it.
And then you, you're going to be able to do it.
And then you're going to be able to do it.
Our bet is that if you look at AWS and you're building something new, you're going to do it
like the correct AWS specific way, that shrinks to like 5% of AWS.
Like you're not thinking about EC2s.
You're not thinking about like, like all these other services.
So if we just focus on that smaller zone, can we build?
It can't be like a 20% better.
Like that zone of like serverless, what we focus on.
There is a big enough gap where people see the benefit of using something.
That's not the default with CDK is.
And to be honest, CDK itself is that like, is the default in some way of looking at it,
but like things like terraform are so massively big.
So it's not like it's not a space that has been one.
Like if you're going to use AWS, you're going to do, you're going to do this way.
The thing we're really competing against is not really CDK.
It's more that we're going to be against Amplify.
Because Amplify is that it's like, okay, let's scope into like what 95% of companies need
and build a nice framework and experience around that.
Amplify just like really bad.
It's just not a good tool.
So that has been like that angle has been a lot easier for us.
We do get that question.
We used to get it a lot more early, earlier on, like where people would say like, well,
why would I use this instead of using CDK directly?
Because early on, the differences weren't massive, but now there's just like huge gaps
in the ability and entities.
So yeah, the gap is there.
It's possible.
I think SST, the way you guys built SST really exposed like the shortcomings of CDK
that I think people were just like numb to.
They're like, oh, well, this is just CDK.
You know, that was kind of what people were saying.
But then like SST is like, ah, you know, you can do the exact same thing,
but we can make your life a little bit easier.
And I think a lot of developers didn't know that path of least resistance
until you guys built it.
Yeah.
So I think that's a huge thing you guys got going for you.
And the other side of it is there's also something like really basic going on here,
which is if you use CDK and you're using on a bigger code base with a bunch of people,
you start to build your own abstractions for certain things for like the area of AWS
you're focusing on.
Those abstractions end up being shitty because they're really narrow.
They're like, you're not really testing them against a lot of different situations.
So when stuff changes, like your abstractions are brittle, our main advantage is we're
doing the same thing.
We're trying to build an abstraction over something infrastructure, but we get to test
it against like thousands of companies that are using SST.
So we know when we pick a design, we make a design choice.
We know that it's going to work for most people.
So we just have a leg up on building the abstraction that you would have tried to build yourself.
Yeah.
This might be getting too much into the business SST.
So you can like just not answer this question.
We're pretty transparent with everything.
So, yeah.
Would another path of making that win being bought by AWS?
Yeah.
So people ask us this all the time.
And it definitely is a possibility, but the reality is that, let's say they made us an
offer today, we'd say no, because we'd have a better offer a year from now, make us offer
a year from now.
Is that guaranteed?
Like, so that, okay, sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you, but is that guaranteed?
No, because you don't level confidence.
And we're like very, we're like, if we think about the vision of what we want to do, it's
only three of us, we just need to fund ourselves for two to three years, and we can probably
realize the vision of what we want.
It's like, well, where we are to where we want to be, that gap is massive.
So some of the approaches today, like we would say, no, because we see we want to wait till
we've like, at least attempted it, the reason it doesn't really make sense is if you drop
the three of us inside AWS, we would get nothing done.
We would maybe build a product even worse than a type of products AWS builds.
It's just a reality of being dropped into a certain environment, like the reason we can
do certain things is because we operate in a very specific way.
We found, we found each other, we like, we click, if you introduce like even the smallest
variables into that, like, it probably is not going to make sense.
But people do ask us all the time, like, what AWS acquire you guys?
It would make sense from their point of view.
It just, I don't know, like, I don't know, I just don't see it making sense for us.
I remember you and I talked about this, about the whole chemistry dynamics in between you
three.
I was like, I remember you and I were talking like, oh, like, if you ever need, like, you
know, asking, would you guys ever expand your team or whatever?
And it's like, you traded that very carefully because it's like, you really showcase, like,
the sensitivity between the synergy between the three of you guys, right?
It's like, and I agree, if you guys bring in a fourth person or another person or X amount
of people, that could throw off the entire drive of what you guys have built so far.
I don't know.
I just want to handle that, like, plutonium.
Like, yeah, exactly.
You know.
Yeah.
Well, the three of us have been doing, it's funny because, like, the three of us have
always, like, pretty much like been founders, like, been at early stage places, whatever.
And so we're doing this company with a bunch of experience.
But if you look at us on paper, we look way less of less, way less like a real company
than anything else we've done before.
And I think it's like this paradox of, like, as you get more experience, you're just like,
you just shed all this other stuff that, you know, doesn't matter, or, like, is actually
negative.
So, like, previous companies I founded, like, we had way more people working there by now.
But yeah, it's exactly what you said.
Like, the lesson I learned was literally one person that's, like, slightly off permanent
damage.
Even if you, like, remove them, it's, like, done.
Like, it's, you, you, like, can't undo, like, culture things like that.
Yeah.
And that's really the only thing we have going for us right now.
So, there was a tweet between us where I said, like, oh, before, like, before Twitch, I worked
at a startup that got acquired.
Yeah.
And a lot of people, like, that's bullshit.
Like, that's, I don't believe you, which is, like, totally understandable.
But, like, that acquisition was, the companies that acquired the startup was, like, a fortune
500, and they were super old, like, extremely old, and they moved so slow.
And the second that acquisition went through, I, like, the majority of people left, like,
yeah, more than 80, like, a significant number, the CTO left, I left.
Everybody left because it's, like, we knew, without even experiencing the culture, that
that's not for us.
Yeah.
And we would not, we would not enjoy ourselves working for this new environment.
I mean, it's exactly what, I mean, the acquisitions are really hard.
Like, especially when you're trying to merge two different companies together and have it
continue operating.
Yeah.
It's like, you probably will lose the best people.
Like, that's why, like, I don't, I don't understand acquisitions as well.
Yeah.
Like I just, because I haven't done them.
But most of the ones I see, I'm just like, I don't fully get this because this is just
going to, the value here is going to evaporate over X amount of years.
Yeah.
Another interesting point is like, I was interviewed for a company, like a startup that just passed,
like, like raising some capital.
And they wanted to hire me as their founding engineer.
So I went through the interview process, like two loops, I built them, like, a few systems,
and they were like super impressed.
They were just like, wow.
And they gave me an offer.
And the offer was really good, especially for a startup, like, I was kind of floored
by the offer.
I was like, this is like, and like, I'm talking base salary was like very high and everything
looked good.
And like, I was actually like strongly considering because these people really wanted me like
that, that sense of like knowing that they see your value and they appreciate it, not
only in terms of financial, but like we, like we trust you to build this company is so awesome.
But, but I had to be very, very practical.
And I knew just from my experience talking to the founders that we would not jive.
And it was because of how close I'll be working with them and what I was understanding from
them, the way I like really looked deeper into the way they operated.
Great people, but to work with at that tight coupling would have been very, very bad, especially
for me.
Like, for me, I'm like, obviously from a content creating, like, I'm fairly social, you know,
all that.
But when it comes to like pro, like my programming life and content life is so drastic, but different,
the only person truly knows, like my people with a program is like Theo, because he is
seeing like, when I like really put on the headphones, like dive in, like, I'm like, I
don't talk on Slack, I don't message, I'm not, when it comes to programming at work,
I'm like a ghost.
Yeah.
Like, all I do is like grunt code work and like, that's all I do.
I don't join any of the happy hours, none of that.
But this company was a little bit opposite.
So I knew like, they really valued that, like, charisma factor that I guess I brought in
terms of social like content, but in terms of programming, it was like, what I was being
hired to do, it was not going to be right for me.
I wasn't going to excel at the field that I can kind of do behind the scenes.
Yeah.
I know that that's really wise.
I think I have definitely seen opportunities like that and have taken them, even though
I knew that something was off, like, you know, and you're gut that we were going to click
or not.
And when it's that early, I mean, to be honest, like, if you're joining a company that early,
like, you should expect to become really good friends with the people that you're working
with.
This is going to be a couple of people and you're spending hours and hours together every
day.
And if you can't see that happening, like, I don't see myself really, really driving with
these people, it just isn't going to work.
It's just going to be kind of awkward the whole time.
And eventually it's just going to, it's going to end.
It's going to be like, you know, full of friction.
So yeah, that, it's just like dating.
It's like the tech chemistry needs to be there.
Exactly.
And a bigger company like Twitch or Amazon or wherever, there's more, there's a bigger,
like margin of error that you can take essentially like if let's say you don't really jive with
like the senior engineer on your team of let's say like eight people, like, yeah, that's
not great.
But idealistically, like you can manage because there's so many other teams.
There's the manager.
There's your teammates that like you can make it through a very healthy and good mental state
career in position, even if you don't get along with one or two people on a team, but
when it comes to startup where you guys will be paying each other on your phones, like calling
each other, like talking 24 seven, like that is where you have to be very, very diligent
and be like, are you sure this, the people are essentially going to like date, like like
you said, you're going to be in a relationship with them.
And the relationship is like, you know, creating something's going to make money and deal with
clients and she's going to break at 2 AM, you better wake up and deal with at 2 AM.
Yeah.
And like all kinds of emotional highs and lows and all that.
I can't do with that, man.
The emotional stuff.
I'm so bad.
My feedback every year, like I'm such an asshole when it comes to like, like in terms
of juniors, like when they come on the team, like I'm, I'm like always a mentor because
like I always have a good idea of like how to introduce people to our infrastructure and
code and all that.
But when they come like, like, you know, like, oh, like, it's too tough or like, oh, man,
like this is like, I don't know how I feel.
Like I turn off and I'm just like, yo, I don't care about that, right?
And it's going to make me sound so bad.
But like I said, like there's such a clear, like if someone comes up to me, like Discord
and they tell me about a bad day, I'll drop everything and I'll talk to them, you know,
like I'm yours.
But when it comes to like programming, doing work and like, like coding, literally, I'm
just such a different person.
Yeah.
In the exact same way, like it's, uh, I find it fun.
I don't know.
To me, like, I think it all comes from like, because I played a good amount of sports.
Uh, same.
Yeah.
So like, to me, it just is the same thing.
Like you're on a team.
You're trying to accomplish something like you got to push.
You got to try like the energy around sports is like, it's pretty like, it's like that.
It's like, just like, shut the fuck up.
Top completely.
It doesn't get this done.
Yeah.
So I bring that's like same kind of mentality to work.
It's not for everyone.
Like, again, like everyone doesn't, some people have like a negative reaction to that.
For me, I find it motivating and I find that it gets, I build like really strong relationships
when everyone is like in, in that zone.
So yeah.
Yeah.
So it clicks for me.
100%.
So before when I wasn't a tech leader team, our attitude was a little bit like, you know,
so so like, you know, we're very like friendly, all, all that now that I'm a tech lead, like
I've like set very distinguishing lines where it's like, I don't want like junior L4s on,
on our team right now.
Like the state of our team, as much should be a great spiritual L4 to join.
Like, I do not think that is the best interest of the squad.
And like, I had to kind of pitch that.
And it actually was approved.
They're like, yeah, you know what, like we'll, we'll agree, like we'll only hire L5s and
the L5s will be higher are the same people like me.
Like, I don't know, like what they do on the weekend, but they have a brief conversations.
But you know, it's not like that.
It's like these people like I would trust with code anytime, you know, like it's that
kind of relationship.
But when it comes to like, you know, what they do or like what the dogs are like doing
at the dog park, like I couldn't, I don't care, you know, yeah, yeah, again, like at
a big company like that, it's, it's pretty different because the fate of the company
isn't rusting on you having a good relationship, like the perfect relationship with these people.
Whereas yeah, at a small company, it's like, if you are not like in love with your co-founders,
like the company's not going to succeed, that's just kind of a reality of that.
So yeah, and that's why so many people say like they like make or break relationships.
Like it's a very common thing, like friends that go into founding companies together.
They end up not being friends anymore and the reverse also, but like yeah, it's a very
intense relationship.
Yeah, two of my really good friends, they made a startup and they've been doing it for
like three years.
But now like they come to real like they pour like over a hundred grand into it.
I thought it was a really clever idea, it's still a very clever idea, but it just doesn't
like the, it's just too tough of an industry to break in.
And like they built it all right.
They've improved it and like now they're realizing and like these are two of my like homies,
like home, like good friends, right?
Yeah.
And they got into this and like there were so many times where their friendship was like
dangling by thread because of like the stress of their startup and putting in all that money
into it.
Yeah, yeah.
So what like we've been doing this for three years, we've, you know, moved on from a few
different things.
And like the love for the product is not there yet, but the love they have for each other
is still there yet.
Yeah.
So they're like, you know what?
We're still going to be best friends.
They are still.
Thank God.
But the company, they're like ramping it down, like looking at either just completely like,
you know, destroying it or trying to sell it for some sort of recuperation.
Yeah.
I mean, that's definitely there.
Like I have a business with my wife.
I'm not going to pretend like we don't start work fights that spill over into like marriage
fights that it just like kind of gets everywhere.
I mean, to a lot of people that's like, that sounds like they're like, that is terrible.
Like, why would you ever do that?
Like I'm not going to pretend like it's great, but it's also fine.
Like it's like, you know, it happens every once in a while, but it's not, it's not a big
deal.
And it's only, I think long term, it's been strengthening for us.
But yeah, it's not, it's not always like that.
It's not for everyone.
Like for sure, like I, what you and Liz have is like very unique.
And I'm sure like a lot of couples would just like falter like right off the bat if they're
putting that same position.
Yeah.
We met through work.
So that like, it wasn't like, Oh, we're going to work together and we have no idea
what to expect.
Like she knew how I get with work like I described earlier and I knew, I knew all of her things
as well.
So it's not as long as they bother us less, but at least we, we knew going in.
Yeah.
That's good.
We went into a lot of husband, wife companies, like we see, there's a lot of companies that
are founded by husband and wife teams.
Yeah.
So it's like actually not that uncommon.
And if you really think about it, if you zoom out, like historically, you know, a lot of
people had their own businesses, like, like you run your farm or like you run your little
like whatever, small business, your family operates, and those are all technically husband
wife founding founded companies.
I love his parents have a construction business as a husband wife thing.
So it is hard, but also has like a lot of precedent.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
It's weird, man.
It's weird.
I'm, I'm thinking of like what my next step is going to be in life.
And that's why I'm like, I started off wanting to ask you for like questions like your business
models, like how you J Frank work, all those, like, cause I'm thinking like the next step
for me is probably going to be the most significant one as much as I love the comfortability and
like the paychecks I get from Amazon, which is nice.
I don't want to like, it's, it's very nice, right? Like if I would just want to rest invest,
I wouldn't even think about my current thoughts, but like the, the, the unfortunate reality
is like at these companies, you know, without lingering layoffs, let's say, like you get
way too comfortable.
Yeah.
And that comfortability is like very poisonous for a person like me and I'm sure like a person
like you, whoever it's like, I can't, like I'm not working at like my biggest capability.
And I think like that sports analogy you made is the reason for that.
Like you know, if you train in a room where you're the best guy, you can get comfortable
smashing all these people and like, essentially maybe there's nothing wrong with that.
Maybe you just enjoy smashing all these people that are just lesser than you and whatever
and what, like you move on, but like I always want to like improve and the same kind of
thing is like, you know, I'm not the best engineer at my team, I'm not even close, but
like I want to be pushed to a limit where I can get to that.
And due to the comfortability, I'm not being pushed to be the best and I'm not under that
pressure.
Look, like I said earlier, I'm definitely under pressure, like being ramped up was a
tech lead and like that's been stressful.
But like, I know if I tell my team, okay, like I'm too stressed, like I need like a mental
day off the book.
Yeah, no problem.
Take it.
You know, we, we understand.
And I kind of don't want that.
You know, I almost, you know, I almost want more like, Hey, no, like you fucked up, you
know, like you, you need to like, we don't care, stay up, stay up late, fix it.
I want that more of a pressure situation.
Yeah.
It's funny because when you're at least in a situation, I'm in you get that, but it's
not from your coworkers, it's just from the market.
There's like no bigger bully than the market that doesn't give a shit about you at all.
Yeah.
Like you're trying.
They don't, it doesn't give a shit.
Like, what you're doing is not good.
Nobody cares.
So like, yeah, like it just, that's the thing that's beating you up every single day.
It's just the ignorant, just the world ignoring everything you're trying to do.
Dude, on content, so you and I talked about the DMS, when we first started talking and
I told you like one of my goals was content creation.
Yeah.
And it's like, that, what you just said about how no one cares does not, like it, it means
so it could not be more true.
Yeah.
When you make a video that you pour like so many hours in, like this topic is great.
It's all this.
I edited it.
Like the, everything's perfect.
Right.
But you put it out there and no one gives a shit.
I'm like, that's the reality of it, man.
Like no one gives a shit about you.
Content, market, whatever, like they don't care.
You have to just kind of put out a quality content all the time.
And like that eats at you sometimes, you know, because you can have like a really good week
on content like two weeks ago, all my stuff was popping off.
I was like, yo, this is like, this is it, you know, the exponential growth, it's happening.
This week, like as fast as it went up, fast as fast as it went down, you know, and after
like kind of swallow that realization again, it's like, okay, that was a blimp.
I'm back to reality.
Like where the reality is like, no one's gonna care that just made some random video
on go if it's not like what they resonate with, right?
I think I don't know how close that is to the market we talked about.
It's the exact same thing.
It's like the, you get it, like when you're, I mean, I think it's the same job.
Like when you found a company, you are nobody.
You're trying to find some value you can create in the world that no one has tapped yet.
And it's got to resonate with people.
So it's a, yeah, consecration is the exact same thing.
I think what sucks a little bit about content creation is for most people, it's a very solo
solo effort.
When you found a company, especially with other co-founders, like having everyone, it's
still stressful and hard, but like it feel like a team effort is very different.
It's like if you play a team sport versus like an individual sport, you know, it's, I think
content creation is the exact same thing, it's just you're kind of on your own, in your
own head.
That's the thing.
I've always played individual sports.
Like rugby.
I play like high level rugby, like amateur rugby back in Canada.
And that wasn't the only team sport before then.
Like I swam competitively solo tennis solo, like wrestling jiu jitsu solo, right?
Like you only blame yourself.
And I think that's why like team sports, as much as I like team sports, for me, they're
like very fun because I can, maybe it's like a conscious thing, but I can always, you know,
conscious like, oh, if we did bad, like that's not me, because other people, like, you know,
when it's team sports, when you get smashed in jits or wrestling, you, there's no one
to blame.
Yeah.
There is nobody to blame.
You got smashed because you got smashed.
And I think like because of that way, because I grew up that way, like I'm just always a
content like I have to do it by myself.
And like now, you know, this, I have an editor, he's great, you know, obviously I pay him,
but he's, he feels like a little bit more like he's, he's more involved in my content,
right?
He's making, he's making sure that he gets a good wage hourly and everything, but he's
also like looking after my content, which I think is super important, extremely important.
But yeah, like at the end of the day, dude, like it's, it's all me and it's like it, yeah,
eats at you sometime.
When you're not doing good, eats at you.
That's the same thing.
Like when you're a founder, like your emotions are just tied to whatever metrics that you
are trying, trying to pull like, there's a chart.
And my like mental stages correlates 100% exactly to that.
It's like the Dooning Kruger chart.
I don't know.
I meant like just a chart of our like downloads, like that's something that we focus on.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Literally met like a metric.
No, no, no, no.
Like just literally that that's like a chart of my emotions.
Like if you want to know how I'm doing, just go check her MPM downloads.
And the thing and the thing you bring up the thing that's why it's the thing I say all
the time is the people that succeed doing this or the people that can just take that,
just take that hit for a very long time because it compounds very, very, very slowly.
So the longer you can stay in it, like that's, that's just how you know, have success.
Like I think it's been a bit tough, I think for some people, because in the last five
years, there's just been so many crazy successful people really quickly, like seemingly successful
people really quickly.
So I think people kind of expect like, oh, doing any kind of like independent thing, whether
you're a creator or finding a company, you expect to be like those people that like start
something and raise like a hundred million dollars eight months later, and then they get
bought for like 500 million a year later, like those are stories that we see all the
time.
But that's, that was like a weird anomaly.
Like a lot of it just did not make sense.
Most of the people that have like built long lasting things have done it over 10 years.
Very slowly.
Dude, what you're saying now hits so hard because, so I'm going to bring it back to the
content thing because like obviously, you know, like I'm super close like Theo and Brian,
and like all the, like everyone, you know, we're all very close.
And like when Theo start making YouTube, like he popped almost instantly, right?
He just popped off his content was good.
People loved him, you know, et cetera.
And it's so difficult because you see the success of prime and Theo, and like they put
out a video and it's like their worst video is like your like best video in terms of
matter wise, right?
And you're just like, you're there seeing them like not complaining, but like, okay,
how can I do better now?
And you're like, man, if only I can even get to that level where you're like not happy
about.
Like being so close to the successful people is good and bad.
It's only, it's mostly good because you can see what they're doing.
You can learn from them, you know, it's a good way to like always look up, but it's bad
for your like mental state because then you're like, like, fuck, why, why, what am I doing
wrong?
Why can I not mimic that success?
And it's been instances where like another content creator and they make really good videos,
like, but they pop off like make like, you know, let's say 10 videos and they're already
hitting metrics that you're not even close to hitting.
And you're already on like video 100, let's say, right?
And you're just like that.
That always comparison is so toxic, but I feel like the hardest thing to not do.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's, it's, it's really hard.
I think it's a little as a founder, like one of the key things is like stop watching your
competitors, like stop, like just stop looking at them, stop doing all that because at least
when you're building a business, if you start to pay down to your founder, you just sort
of mimic them for no reason.
And especially, I mean, that might be different in the content space, but in when you're building
a business, like that just guarantees that you're not going to succeed, but you have
to come up with a unique angle of attack.
And it's even if you're just looking at other companies, like, I'm just going to like see
what they're doing.
So like an idea of things that like poisons your head.
It kind of biases you.
So you have to like really be able to handle that stuff, stuff well, and it's super hard
to think clearly of like what path makes sense for me because it probably is going to be
extremely unique and very different.
I think it has to be, but yeah, like different companies go at different speeds.
And the other thing, some of us stuff is like very invisible, right?
So being Liz, we're talking about, because I interviewed the founder of linear a couple
of months ago, and it was funny because I was asking him like kind of the early stages
of the company.
And I was like, Oh, like, I was asking about like the standard challenges you have when
you're a startup.
And he was just like, I don't know, we didn't really have that.
Like we built the product.
Everyone loved it.
We raised a ton of money.
And like now we're super successful and everyone loves us.
They just had this like beautiful shot to the top.
And Liz was listening and she was like, Oh, fuck him.
Like you're just like, yeah, that's us.
But then the thing that's invisible is that was like the third or fourth company by the
three founders were each individually extremely talented of like 20 plus year career history.
And this is like what that's culminated in like that coming together.
So like there's a lot that can be very visible.
Like you talk about prime, right?
You know, he's, he's like been doing this by this.
I mean, he's been like working on his career for a very long time that has built up a lot.
And that overnight success is a result of all that time that he put in before.
Yeah, 100%.
Yeah, there's, yeah, the invisible one's actually a really good like reminder that like, you
know, there isn't truly like a overnight success.
There is maybe like in terms of like the company, but like behind the scenes, occasionally.
And like truly some people just truly have an overnight success and that happens.
But that's like not in your control.
Yeah.
Post Malone is the best example of literally overnight success.
Like drop the song on SoundCloud, next thing he knows, like with Khalifa, everyone is just
retweeting it and bang.
That's it.
Do you think that it was overnight?
So I have, we have a friend that he worked for some like German music startup and there's
a story where he was like, cause he would like see the users and whatever.
And he was like sending his friends like a photo who's like, dude, look how crazy this
guy looks.
And he was just saying people thought, like, what a weird dude.
And that ended up being post Malone before he was famous.
Just like, you know, like happened like a year later.
So I'm sure he was like grinding to, you know, like it says, work so hard.
He forgot how to vacation.
Yeah.
The story I had heard and the story that he comes tells him, I don't know if this is true
or not, but like he was kind of, you know, not happy.
He was doing the same like school path.
One of his friends was making a big on streaming, streaming Minecraft.
They moved to L.A. and because he was just so like post was so unhappy doing, you know,
the regular like finding job, et cetera, et cetera.
He was always into music.
He just tagged along with his friend in L.A.
He was like bumming, basically, like a couch bum.
And yeah, he just recorded a song which was white Iverson, because if you really look
at post Malone's like SoundCloud, he had maybe like two or like less than five songs guaranteed
before white Iverson, right?
And those were not like at a high level studio.
Yeah.
They were at a studio, but it was more like, you know, like a basement level studio where
there's some nice equipment here and there.
And he recorded white Iverson and literally post on SoundCloud with the art.
And I'm sure there's a lot of invisible lines, like a grinding and he made the art himself.
But like this, like, the ratio was like absurd because post on SoundCloud somehow gets to
the hands of Wiz Khalifa, like you, in my opinion, you won.
Yeah.
If Wiz Khalifa's retweeting, tweeting and Mac Miller, all like you are getting hit up
by people that want to do business with you after that.
Yeah.
No, of course.
So there are cases like that where it's just like, you know, they just hit it.
Yeah.
But again, just like how do you, you can't like recreate that, right?
There's like no way for you to do that.
All you can do is keep trying and hope that one of your things hits in that same way.
Yeah.
And it's like, when you see that story, it's just like, God damn it.
But it's the same as literally someone winning the lottery.
Like that's no different than whoever won like $500 million last month.
Yeah.
That comparison, it's tough.
It grinds at you, especially when things aren't going well.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So it's always like the mental state of things in terms of like founding or conditioning,
you have to always be like a step away from your emotions.
And you can, what I mean by that is you cannot, this is going to sound bad and I hope you
can correct me, but you can't celebrate the wins in a sense.
Like you can't celebrate if you're going to post a video and it gets a hundred thousand
views while your average is like a thousand, like you shouldn't celebrate that because
then you set up yourself pretty much success because if your next video gets a thousand
and you're like, oh my God, what just happened?
Yeah.
And then you're panicking, you frantic and you're just forgetting that like that was the anomaly.
That one video hit the lottery in terms of like in relationship to other videos, but
all the other videos are still like on that lower level.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's funny because I've heard you guys talk about this stuff and like I've experienced
it to a small degree and I'm like, yeah, that is a, that is a real thing.
Like you just obsess over the fact that your, your next one is going to be worse than your
previous one.
Like that just, that just happens all the time.
I think that, that is a little bit unique with, with doing stuff in like a, some more
creative space, like every product I've ever built has been better than previous one because
I've gotten better.
And so I don't have to worry about that.
Like there's other factors that determine whether it's going to be successful or not,
but yeah, with content, it's like, it's so simple.
It's like there's like a number and this video was worse even though you thought you
knew what you were doing and you thought you got better.
This stuff, like the only advice I'll give to anyone who's listening, who can like, who
relates to this and like I'm obviously still learning.
I don't have the answers to kind of like circle back, I guess is like, there's a content
creator who I started to be of the year, like in January said, they will post a video every
single week once a week.
That was their goal.
Right.
And they did it very short for the first four weeks.
They did like the first four weeks of January, there was a video every single week, every
video flop.
And then they stopped because it was too much.
And I don't blame them.
I understand.
It's like, you know, you set this goal, you set yourself up to success, you do it four
times and it's just like, what the hell?
My biggest advice to anyone is if you are setting yourself a goal and I think a goal
of releasing one video a week or setting yourself to that is a very, very good goal.
Right.
And a lot of people may disagree, but I truly think if you stick with it and if you actually
put the conscious effort to improve the video every week by one small factor, and it's what
Mr. B said, like look at your previous video release on week zero on and in week one, find
one thing to improve on.
Maybe your audio or shit, maybe your lighting was shit, maybe your editing wasn't choppy.
Maybe your phone was hard to read.
Pick one of those things and improve in the next video and do that for a whole year.
And that's what I actually did.
Like starting March when I started like youtubing, I was like, I'm going to do one video a week.
Okay.
Yeah.
I haven't stopped doing that this whole year, but I was like, you know what?
I'm going to like push it.
So I did two videos a week.
And like that, that like step is so hard, but even when shit's like low, even like my
last like, you know, 10 videos have been flops, I'm just like, okay, making sure I end this
year, uploading two videos a week and making sure I'm improving everybody, but one small
factor.
And, you know, at the end of the year, that's when I will take some time to really like
reflect on all the videos I posted on like, did I hit the goal that I not was I happy?
Was I not?
But that's the only time I actually give myself an opportunity to reevaluate that goal I suffered
myself in the beginning.
But I want to make sure I don't quit that goal.
Yeah.
No, that makes that makes a lot of sense.
I think the thing that brings me a good amount of comfort is the way I look at things is whether
I'm not like in a binary sense successful or not is fully up to me.
Like if you laid out that plan, it's up to me whether I fall through with that.
It's up to me where I put in the energy to improve every single week.
If I do that, I will be successful.
Whether I'm like Mr. B's level successful or like, you know, something lower, that's
not really up to me.
That's like, I think of that more like, that's like fate.
That's like things in the world.
Things kind of out of my out of my control.
And I like looking at it that way because I think it's realistic in that like, I know
there's some things out of my control, but it also doesn't give me any excuses.
Like the binary factor, whether you get to a place where you're happy with your life and
what you've done is in your control.
But like you don't have to like be looking at the biggest people thinking like, how do
I get there?
What should pay on people that quit?
So like that person, like an example of a person sets a goal like one video a week and
they quit like after a month.
What's like your take on those individuals?
Yeah, it's funny because like when you see someone set that goal and they do it, you've
perceived them in one way and when you see them set it up and then they don't do it,
you like see them in a completely different way.
So when someone doesn't do it, I like to me, it feels like they weren't really thinking
too hard about why they were doing things and they maybe just picked like something that
they thought they were supposed to be doing and they like set it up and they got distracted.
That person that person succeeded did the exact same thing.
But it just seems to me, it just weirdly seems like the other person thought about it more
and like like set that goal with a lot more, a lot more intention.
I think I often see people like kind of flail when they like set these goals where they're
like, they don't really know what they're doing, they don't really know why they want
to do things, they're just like, okay, if I want to do something and that means I need
a goal and they just kind of pick something random.
Yeah.
What about you?
I agree.
I think goal setting is like super important.
Like goal setting isn't just something that you see some person you look up to and just
like, okay, I'm going to do what they just said because how can like that's a recipe,
like that's the secret, right?
Like a goal is very personal and a goal is like very like, what is your current situation?
And you have this that goals that set yourself up for success and not goals that will set
you up for failure.
And I think a lot of people don't actually realize that at all, like no one puts effort
into the goals they set, like if we take it away from even content or found it like going
to the gym, right?
Like the goal is, let's say you're just overweight or whatever, you're like, you need to go into
the gym, right?
And you're like, okay, I'm going to go starting January.
I'm going to go three times a week.
And that's it.
And it's like, well, that's on paper a great goal, but did you actually see like, what are
you going to do with the gym?
Yeah.
Did you actually set up a plan?
Like, do you know what you're going to do?
Like you can't just go to the gym on day one and be like, uh, okay, now what?
Like, there's going to be machines there that you've never seen before.
There's going to be free weights everywhere.
There's going to be people doing actually that you've never seen before.
Like you literally can't take it lately.
Like for me, every time I go to a gym, I literally always go and I always take that free trial.
I go and before I can set the goal, I checked the whole, like I lay out the entire gym.
I want to know everything about it.
I want to know where all the equipment is.
I want to know if there's like, you know, amenities, like a pool, a sauna, whatever,
just so then I can set my goal.
And then it's more realistic.
Then it's like, okay, on like, you know, day one, two, it's going to be upper and lower
body split.
And then third day it should be like swimming, right?
The cardio.
And then it's like more realistic and you're seeing yourself up for a bit more success as
opposed to a person showing up to a random like LA fitness and it should be like, uh,
I don't know what exercise to do.
I've never been here.
It's like, well, no shit, you know, like, how are you going to, what were you expecting?
Yeah.
The intentionality is big and this cost of like, you know, I heard like the phrase cargo
culting where everyone just kind of copies something that looks like the thing that leads
to success, but they don't really understand why it works.
That phrase originates from something that seems really ridiculous, but it actually happens
all the time.
I think it was during some war, I forgot it was some war where, uh, the military was
like doing air, uh, which was dropping supplies, um, on some like Island where there were,
there were like remote tribes that were there that like didn't really contact like the rest
of civilization.
They would see that the cargo drops would come in.
So they started doing these weird rituals where they would like kind of act like the
people on the ground, uh, like calling in the airplane and doing like the airship type
of things.
They would, they would like do the same things.
And in their head, they were like, if I do this, that means a cargo drop will show up
with a bunch of supplies.
So it obviously makes no rational sense.
Like that's not why the plane is coming, but they just picked this random behavior and
they're like, that's what it is.
Um, and you see this all the time everywhere.
And I think, I mean, going back to linear people, like, cause they've been, uh, they've
been just getting a lot of coverage just cause of their, their new fundraise.
They talk a lot about like the way they do things.
I really liked them because the way they do things is exactly the way that I want to
do things.
Like I really, like, we're, we're like, I have a lot of synergy with the way they want
to build companies.
So everyone looks at that list of things they do.
And they're like, okay, I used to check a box and do all of those things.
And that means I'm going to be successful.
But the thing they miss is those people didn't do those things and then they were successful.
They found a way to be successful so that they could operate in the way that they want.
Like this is, this is the way they wanted to build a company.
So they found a way to do it so they could, it's like, it's like actually exactly in reverse.
And you just see that everywhere.
There's like a lot of box checking of other thingers saying like, okay, I need to go to
gym three days a week.
I'm checking the box going to gym three days a week.
Like, but no, they need to be way more intentional about that.
Like, who are you, like what, what clicks for you?
Like what type of workouts click for you?
Like, what can you actually stick with for years?
Nothing is easy.
Like nothing is easy.
Just like checking a box.
And there's no like generic solutions that work like that for everyone.
Um, yeah, you just see that all the time.
Yeah.
No free lunch.
I don't know how much is related, but I saw this really cool analogy once where it's like
the behavior society.
And it made me think about the cargo and like the story just said, I don't know how much
this relates to it, to be honest, but I just wanted to bring it out.
It's like a scientist did an experiment where like they had monkeys in like a room or whatever.
And there was a ladder and it's like a light bulb on top or like a button, a red buzzer.
And like, if the monkey were to climb up and touch the red buzzer, they'll get like a little
electrical shock.
Yeah.
Right.
And so every time the monkey be like, ah, that's bad.
And so the monkey would realize every time he touched this, I'll get shocked.
Pain.
I don't like it.
They won't do it.
And so, and this experiment lasted so long.
And there was a generation of these monkeys that lived in this like controlled environment.
Right.
And so the next generation of monkeys, we born the ones after that we born.
And even like the late generation of monkeys that were born knew not to touch the light bulb
because the, like their older generations never did so, but they themselves never actually
touched the light.
They didn't know the impact, right?
But because society constructed this like their society should say construct this environment
where they knew, don't touch the light bulb, they were just like, okay, I just know not
to do that, right?
Was that actually experiencing the consequence?
So I guess what, like it's like the behavior society to follow a pattern without necessarily
understanding why that's happened.
Yeah.
You know, it's, it's like when you, that's exactly it.
It's exactly the same thing.
It's like, it's actually shocking how much stuff that people put time into that just has
no value or like doesn't make it doesn't make sense at all.
We, I've got, I went through this myself when, uh, because, you know, as I'm working at SST,
I'm like, okay, I like, I've been programming for years.
Like, I'm not, I'm not like super worried about that, but like marketing and like getting
stuff out there.
Um, I gotta like learn that and I had to get better at that.
And initially we were just doing what everybody else was doing.
You know, when you release a feature, you like do some shitty screencasts if you'd using
the feature and then you make like some shitty little blog posts that nobody sees.
And every single dev tool company does the exact same thing for every single time they
do a release and nobody stops to think like, why are we doing this?
Like, does this actually get us anything?
No, it doesn't.
Like those things can only ever get like a hundred views, right?
Exactly.
If you actually want to do marketing, you have to come up with something that can get, it's
not guaranteed by at least as a potential of getting like, you know, tens of thousands
of views.
Yep.
And if you actually think about that, you would not be doing anything that any of these companies
are doing, like I tweeted yesterday about case studies of being like, a lot of these
early stage companies do these like big, long case studies.
And to me, when I see that, I'm just like, well, they did that because they have one
customer.
They have the time to do this big case study.
Like nine people are going to read that.
And that's like what they bucket under the marketing, like, okay, we did marketing check
the box.
But yeah, you just see that everywhere and it's crazy how much just doesn't make any
sense at all.
A company, and I know you're a fan of them, then I think beyond the actual experience
and the tech they created that do marketing super, super well is drizzle because drizzle,
the way they do their marketing is so counterintuitive and it works.
And you can't disagree that there's more like they almost like Andrew, like on his personal
account would post memes, essentially bashing drizzle, making fun of drizzle.
And if you didn't know, Andrew's like one of the main people at drizzle, you'd be like,
oh, like what that drizzle might suck then, but no, like, it's like this counter like
curiosity thing that they did, and it's just working so well.
And even their main drizzle account on Twitter, it's like they post memes and they know that
memes on tech Twitter are like the hot, like a hot thing.
Yeah.
And that's what gets people to click.
So it was super interesting to see how that team over there handled their marketing.
And that's not even talking about how great of a tool it is itself, right?
That speaks for itself.
But no matter how good the tool is, if you don't have a good marketing, no one's going
to use it, right?
Yeah.
It's just, yeah, they're excellent.
I would probably put them as like number one of people that I think it's funny because
they're so small and they don't, like you would never think of them this way.
But even companies that raise like $100 million, like do not get anywhere close to being as
good as what these like, you know, three people are doing on the marketing on the marketing
side.
So again, that's what's saying earlier.
It's leverage, right?
They found a way to third three people, but they're like out marketing these giant companies.
They found a way to build this crazy lever.
They don't have those guardrails, right, they don't have that red, red button not to touch.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Like if you pitched any of what they did and had to go through like the meetings and all
that, like it just would not, it just would not happen.
Exactly.
But yeah, like it's just, it's crazy to me that people just don't think, and it's not
that crazy.
Because I remember myself, I used to like just not really thinking, I was like, oh yeah,
I'm doing marketing, but not realizing I wasn't.
Yeah.
It's like, it's once you're on the other side, you just feel like, wow, I'm, how could have
been so naive and stupid.
Yeah.
The other thing that I find interesting is before you're actually in, I mean, to use the quote,
before you're actually in the arena, you have all these like intellectual thoughts on like
this idealized version of how things are.
You're like, well, if I'm going to make content and it's going to be so good, and it's going
to be so like good content that like, I don't have to do all these other things, then you
get thrown in the arena and guess what, nobody gives a shit that for like whatever like weird
philosophy you have.
And you just get to the point where you're like, yeah, I'll fucking take my shirt off
and dance like whatever the audience wants like that, like I just got to do this stuff
that works.
Like when you're actually in that position, all of your like weird notions of how you think
things are supposed to work just, just go out the door.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think like prime, he DM me saying like, yo, he, he's like recently getting into go
like not in that recent, but like he's been getting into go heavily and he even sees like
the benefits from the content wise, he's like, yeah, you know, when I posted video, like
other languages, they don't do as well as like go content.
And he's like, that's why he like doubled down on like triple down on go.
He's like, I can see that like, you know, he likes the language, whatever for a practical
perspective, but also from the perspective of just like from content, which is one of
his priorities, he sees it resonating with his audience.
Yeah, find a little opportunity.
You start to fall in love with whatever is working, like whatever there is an opportunity
for.
I think so people like I think what's great about being a software engineer is you can
work in like any industry, like you can be doing, I don't know, like you can be working
in the finance industry for a while and like overnight switch like a completely different
place.
And people have always asked like, oh, like, but like, don't you want to find a field you're
really interested in?
I'm like, well, my experience has been any place I've been in.
I've just gotten really interested in whatever they're doing because there was an opportunity
there to do something.
So that's what's awesome about being a software engineer, you get to exposure to all these
different places and you can literally be part of anything that's happening kind of very
untrue for other fields where you have to like kind of really dedicate yourself to one to
one dimension.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
We're at an hour.
Yeah, anything else?
I got nothing else.
This is just like a loaded conversation.
Yeah, I'm glad you suggested this.
It's a heavy back on.
Which is these more often.
I love opportunities to speak.
Yeah.
To you.
I was going to talk about CDK, but I was like, no, this is way more interesting.
Yeah.
It's funny because we, uh, this is actually a great example of what we were just talking
about.
So interesting when me and Adam started doing this, we were like, okay, this is like a tech
podcast.
We need to talk about tech stuff.
Like we had these notions of like what this had to be.
And then we just kind of like ran out about tech stuff to talk about because like there's
not like new interesting stuff happening every week.
There was for like a little while, but then there wasn't.
So we just started talking about other stuff and it started doing way better.
So, you know, there's this idea of what we had of what this thing was supposed to be.
Turns out like we were wrong, like when you're actually in there experimenting, you like
you learned that something else actually is better.
Yeah.
Cool.
Thanks for having me on.
Yeah.